What's the difference between a teacher and a train?
What do you call a lion tamer who sticks his right arm down a lion's throat?
What happens if you don't pay your exorcist?
What kind of quiz do you give to a criminal?
Why aren't elephants allowed on beaches?
What do you get when you cross a baseball player with a boy scout?
How do you cut through waves?
What has teeth but can't chew?
If a man smashed a clock, could he be accused of killing time?
What flowers do you wear all year long?
What do cows give after an earthquake?
When is a cowboy most like a pony?
Why do cowboys ride horses?
How many sides does a house have?
Why did the man sleep under the oil tank?
A giant had three tongues!  How did he remove two of them?
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?
What's the difference between a Timex dealer and a prison gaurd?
Why does Dracula consider himself an artist?
What game do ghost children like to play?
What do you call a short, sun-burned outlaw riding a horse?
Why are men better with a beard than without?
What was the octopus couple's favorite song?
Why are potatoes considered stupid?
Where did the brontosaurus go for the summer months?
Why is a room full of married people really empty?
Why didn't the grizzly wear any shoes?
What did one knife say to the other?
What would happen if an ice cream cone picked a fight with Jesse James?
Why did the cowboy put a whistle in his ten-gallon hat?
What do you call Jesse James When he has the flu?
What do you get if you cross a monster and an owl?
If 1 is love and 2 is hate, what are 3 and 4?
When do you use a shovel to eat?
What's the best way to see flying saucers?
What do you get if you cross a vampire with an Egyptian mummy?
Who was the biggest monarch in history?
Why didn't the skeleton ask his girlfriend to the dance?
What did one arithmetic book say to the other?
Do rabbits use combs?
What did one wall say to the other wall?
What is a kangroo's favorite year?
What's a good name for a straigh-back camel?
If a King sits on gold, who sits on silver?
Why did the outlaw carry a bottle of glue when he robbed the stagecoach?
What does a train do when an outlaw chases it?
Why did the cowboy brush his teeth with gunpowder?
What kind of figures do the most walking?
hat is the difference between the North and South Pole?
uess who I saw today?
hy is an engaged woman like a telephone?
hy was the mummy sent into the game as a pinch hitter?
hat kind of horses frighten rangers?
id you know Popeye was a sweet potato?
here does the Lone Ranger take his trash?
id you hear about the coach that flooded the gym?
hy are birds poor?
hat drives a baseball batter crazy?
hy is a scrambled egg like a losing ball team?
hat do you get if you cross a big bell and an outlaw?
hat do you call a lazy butcher?
hat is the first thing you put into a room?
hat is a sound sleeper?
hat does a cowboy say to his horse after a 100 mile ride?
hat part of a cowboy's outfit is the saddest?
hat is a monter's favorite necklace?
hat kind of fur do you get from an outlaw?
hat is the safest way to talk to an outlaw?
hat do you call an outlaw with cotton stuffed in his ears?
hy do postmen carry letters?
ow do you make friends with a computer?
ho always goes to bed with shoes on?
hy is a toupee like a secret?
hy are potatoes so afraid of Indians?
hat kind of music did the cowboy make when he threw a stone in the Rio Grande?
hy did the cowboy saddle up the phonograph record?
hat did the victim say when the outlaw stuffed a dirty piece of cloth in his mouth?
hat was Billy the Kid's favorite subject in school?
ho pulled the biggest holdup in history?
hat do you call an outlaw armed with four loaded revolvers?
What happens when you throw a green rock in the red sea?
Why shouldn't you tell a secret to a pig?
Where do frogs sit?
If a man were born in Greece, raised in Spain, came to America, and died in San Francisco, what is he?
Why did the man have to fix his car horn?
Why did the nutty kid throw butter out of the window?
Why did the nutty kid throw a glass of water out the window?
What paper makes you itch?
What can you break without touching it?
A man was driving a black truck with the lights out.  There was no
What animal makes the most of its food?
What is the weather always like in Mexico?
What time is the same spelled backwards or forwards?
What do you get if you cross an insect and a rabbit?
Why aren't there any stories about beds?
What did the tree say to the woodpecker?
What color was Napoleon's white horse?
When do you put a clock in the oven?
What ten letter word starts with g-a-s?
If you want to get rich, why should you just shut up?
What can be drawn without any drawing utensil?
What goes around a yard but doesn't move?
What is a calf after it is six months old?
What kind of fruit has a short temper?
What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on
What always comes into the house through the keyhole?
What has four legs and a back but no body?
What kind of electricity do they have in Washington?
What did the man do when he got a big gas bill?
What is the best day to go to the beach?
How can you tell the difference between a can of chicken soup and a can of tomato soup?
What trees come in two's?
What insect runs away from everything?
What does Brazil produce that no other country produces?
What people are like the end of a book?
Who never gets his hair wet in the shower?
What did the light say to the girl?
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?
Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
Who can marry a lot of wives and still be single?
Why do we buy clothes?
If six people and two dogs were under an umbrella, why didn't any of them get wet?
What piece of wood is like a king?
What did the muffler say to the car owner?
Why did the window pane blush?
Where do crying children go?
What has fifty heads and fifty tails?
When is the vet busiest?
What is the difference between a bus driver and a cold?
What do you call a sick crocodile?
If you fell of a ladder, what would you fall against?
Why shouldn't you make fun of fat people?
If an apple a day keeps the dentist away, what will an onion do?
Where do squirrels go when they go insane?
What do you have if your head is hot, your feet are cold, and you see spots in front of your eyes?
When do you have acute pain?
When was medicine first mentioned in the Bible?
What happened when the dog swallowed the watch?
How did the kid get a flat nose?
What is the healthiest kind of water?
What is the perfect cure for dandruff?
What did the dentist say to the golfer?
What do you get if you put your hand in a pot?
What happened when the icicle landed on the man's head?
Where do animals go when they lose their tails?
What did the doctor say to the patient when he finished the
How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
What is the best way to cure acid indigestion?
What did the farmer use to cure his sick hog?
What do you call a person who doesn't have all his fingers on one
What happened to the horse that swallowed a dollar bill?
How was the blind carpenter able to see?
How can you tell if a bucket is not well?
What do you call a sheep that is covered in chocolate?
How do you make an eggroll?
Why is it dangerous to do math in a cannibal's den?
What is a pie in the sky?
Why did the farmer plant sugar cubes?
Why did the woman eat bullets?
Do ministers ever use operator assistance?
Why did the orchestra have bad manners?
What do you call a crazy pickle?
What do ghosts eat for lunch?
What does the Swamp Thing like for desert?
What kind of eggs does an evil chicken lay?
What hired killer never goes to jail?
What is a boxer's favorite drink?
Which hand should you use to stir tea?
What is small, purple, and dangerous?
What gun does a police dog use?
Where do tough chickens come from?
How do you tell when a bell is obedient?
What kind of food do brave soldiers eat?
What is stolen candy?
What do well behaved young lambs say to their mothers?
What is the last thing you eat before you die?
What do you get if you cross an elephant with a Boy Scout?
What is the grossest kind of cookie?
What happens to evil pigs?
Why did the turkey cross the road?
What do mice wear to school on gym day?
Why did the elephant put ketchup in his navel?
Why didn't the Mad Scientist allow the sick eagle in his laboratory?
Why did the mad scientist put an elastic band around his forehead?
How do cowboys watch t.v. when they're out on the range?
What do you call a cat who eats a lemon?
Who is bigger:  Mr Bigger or his baby?
How many seconds are in a year?
How does Santa Claus take care of his yard?
What did the envelope say when the boy licked it?
First you see a red mill.  Then there's a walk at the end.   Then there's a key.  What is it?
What is a monster's favorite team?
What American has the largest family?
Did you hear about the fight in the Candy Store?
What state in the U.S. is the happiest?
What did the candles say to the birthday cake?
Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road?
Why do flies walk on the ceiling?
What is a foreign ant?
Why do hippies study the stars?
Why did the farmer put rusted out cars in his garden?
How can you eat an egg without breaking its shell?
Why does a baby duck walk softly?
What helps keep your teeth together?
What brings the monster's babies?
Did you hear the story about the Peacock?
What bugs are good at math?
Why did the mouse want to move?
How can you tell a cat that likes rain?
Why do bees hum?
Who settled in the West before anyone else?
What is a distant relative?
What is the biggest ant?
What is smaller than an ant's mouth?
How can you spell too much with just two letters?
What is the hottest part of a man's face?
What fish has the lowest voice?
When was beef at its highest?
What person is always yelling?
What kind of theif has to be really strong?
What kind of house weighs the least?
What is the hardest thing about learning to roller skate?
What coat has the most sleeves?
What fruit has been known since man invented the calendar?
What is purple and 5,000 miles long?
Why do we dress baby girls in pink and baby boys in blue?
Where can you always find health, wealth, and happiness?
Why is the dictionary dangerous?
A man who worked in a butcher shop was 6 feet tall, had red hair,
How does a coffee pot feel when it is hot?
What did the two vampires do from midnight to 12:10?
What do people in England call little black cats?
Why did the man put his money in the refrigerator?
How do you make a Venetian blind?
What is a stupid flower?
Why do lions eat raw meat?
Why do lions eat raw meat?
Why do lions eat raw meat?
Why do lions eat raw meat?
What can you do with old bowling balls?
Dogs have fleas.  What do Sheep have?
Did Adam and Eve ever have a date?
What do you call a Volkswagon filled with cookies?
What is a bulldozer?
Where do trees keep their money?
If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
Where do fish keep their money?
Where do Eskimos keep their money?
Where do hogs keep their money?
Where do vampires keep their money?
Where do mummies swim?
What is the best way to eat spaghetti?
What happened when Abel died?
What did the little light bulb say to its mom?
Why do wallets make so much noise?
What happens to a refrigerator when you pull the plug?
How many skunks does it take to make a big stink?
What does an invisible baby drink?
What runs around all day and then lies under the bed with
What did King Kong say when he saw the Statue of Liberty?
What lottery did the broom win?
Why does a chicken lay an egg?
Why do you always start to walk with the right foot first?
When do you swallow your words?
What is the difference between a greedy person and an electric
Is it better to write on a full or an empty stomach?
What kind of bird is always around when there is anything to eat
Why are identical twins like a broken alarm clock?
Why don't scarecrows have any fun?
How do you make a cigarette lighter?
How do you make notes of stone?
What kind of umbrella did Louis XII carry in the rain?
Why does the stork stand on one leg only?
What is the difference between a banana and a bell?
What invention allows you to see through walls?
Why can it be said that whales talk a lot?
What can a whole apple do that half an apple can't?
When is a man not a man?
