Q:  What's the difference between a teacher and a train?
Q:  What do you call a lion tamer who sticks his right arm down a lion's throat?
Q:  What happens if you don't pay your exorcist?
Q:  What kind of quiz do you give to a criminal?
Q:  Why aren't elephants allowed on beaches?
Q:  What do you get when you cross a baseball player with a boy scout?
Q:  How do you cut through waves?
Q:  What has teeth but can't chew?
Q:  If a man smashed a clock, could he be accused of killing time?
Q:  What flowers do you wear all year long?
Q:  What do cows give after an earthquake?
Q:  When is a cowboy most like a pony?
Q:  Why do cowboys ride horses?
Q:  How many sides does a house have?
Q:  Why did the man sleep under the oil tank?
Q:  A giant had three tongues!  How did he remove two of them?
Q:  Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?
Q:  What's the difference between a Timex dealer and a prison gaurd?
Q:  Why does Dracula consider himself an artist?
Q:  What game do ghost children like to play?
Q:  What do you call a short, sun-burned outlaw riding a horse?
Q:  Why are men better with a beard than without?
Q:  What was the octopus couple's favorite song?
Q:  Why are potatoes considered stupid?
Q:  Where did the brontosaurus go for the summer months?
Q:  Why is a room full of married people really empty?
Q:  Why didn't the grizzly wear any shoes?
Q:  What did one knife say to the other?
Q:  What would happen if an ice cream cone picked a fight with Jesse James?
Q:  Why did the cowboy put a whistle in his ten-gallon hat?
Q:  What do you call Jesse James When he has the flu?
Q:  What do you get if you cross a monster and an owl?
Q:  If 1 is love and 2 is hate, what are 3 and 4?
Q:  When do you use a shovel to eat?
Q:  What's the best way to see flying saucers?
Q:  What do you get if you cross a vampire with an Egyptian mummy?
Q:  Who was the biggest monarch in history?
Q:  Why didn't the skeleton ask his girlfriend to the dance?
Q:  What did one arithmetic book say to the other?
Q:  Do rabbits use combs?
Q:  What did one wall say to the other wall?
Q:  What is a kangroo's favorite year?
Q:  What's a good name for a straigh-back camel?
Q:  If a King sits on gold, who sits on silver?
Q:  Why did the outlaw carry a bottle of glue when he robbed the stagecoach?
Q:  What does a train do when an outlaw chases it?
Q:  Why did the cowboy brush his teeth with gunpowder?
Q:  What kind of figures do the most walking?
Q: What is the difference between the North and South Pole?
Q: Guess who I saw today?
Q: Why is an engaged woman like a telephone?
Q: Why was the mummy sent into the game as a pinch hitter?
Q: What kind of horses frighten rangers?
Q: Did you know Popeye was a sweet potato?
Q: Where does the Lone Ranger take his trash?
Q: Did you hear about the coach that flooded the gym?
Q: Why are birds poor?
Q: What drives a baseball batter crazy?
Q: Why is a scrambled egg like a losing ball team?
Q: What do you get if you cross a big bell and an outlaw?
Q: What do you call a lazy butcher?
Q: What is the first thing you put into a room?
Q: What is a sound sleeper?
Q: What does a cowboy say to his horse after a 100 mile ride?
Q: What part of a cowboy's outfit is the saddest?
Q: What is a monter's favorite necklace?
Q: What kind of fur do you get from an outlaw?
Q: What is the safest way to talk to an outlaw?
Q: What do you call an outlaw with cotton stuffed in his ears?
Q: Why do postmen carry letters?
Q: How do you make friends with a computer?
Q: Who always goes to bed with shoes on?
Q: Why is a toupee like a secret?
Q: Why are potatoes so afraid of Indians?
Q: What kind of music did the cowboy make when he threw a stone in the Rio Grande?
Q: Why did the cowboy saddle up the phonograph record?
Q: What did the victim say when the outlaw stuffed a dirty piece of cloth in his mouth?
Q: What was Billy the Kid's favorite subject in school?
Q: Who pulled the biggest holdup in history?
Q: What do you call an outlaw armed with four loaded revolvers?
Q:  What happens when you throw a green rock in the red sea?
Q:  Why shouldn't you tell a secret to a pig?
Q:  Where do frogs sit?
Q:  If a man were born in Greece, raised in Spain, came to America, and died in San Francisco, what is he?
Q:  Why did the man have to fix his car horn?
Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw butter out of the window?
Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw a glass of water out the window?
Q:  What paper makes you itch?
Q:  What can you break without touching it?
Q:  A man was driving a black truck with the lights out.  There was no
Q:  What animal makes the most of its food?
Q:  What is the weather always like in Mexico?
Q:  What time is the same spelled backwards or forwards?
Q:  What do you get if you cross an insect and a rabbit?
Q:  Why aren't there any stories about beds?
Q:  What did the tree say to the woodpecker?
Q:  What color was Napoleon's white horse?
Q:  When do you put a clock in the oven?
Q:  What ten letter word starts with g-a-s?
Q:  If you want to get rich, why should you just shut up?
Q:  What can be drawn without any drawing utensil?
Q:  What goes around a yard but doesn't move?
Q:  What is a calf after it is six months old?
Q:  What kind of fruit has a short temper?
Q:  What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on
Q:  What always comes into the house through the keyhole?
Q:  What has four legs and a back but no body?
Q:  What kind of electricity do they have in Washington?
Q:  What did the man do when he got a big gas bill?
Q:  What is the best day to go to the beach?
Q:  How can you tell the difference between a can of chicken soup and a can of tomato soup?
Q:  What trees come in two's?
Q:  What insect runs away from everything?
Q:  What does Brazil produce that no other country produces?
Q:  What people are like the end of a book?
Q:  Who never gets his hair wet in the shower?
Q:  What did the light say to the girl?
Q:  What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?
Q:  Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
Q:  Who can marry a lot of wives and still be single?
Q:  Why do we buy clothes?
Q:  If six people and two dogs were under an umbrella, why didn't any of them get wet?
Q:  What piece of wood is like a king?
Q:  What did the muffler say to the car owner?
Q:  Why did the window pane blush?
Q:  Where do crying children go?
Q:  What has fifty heads and fifty tails?
Q:  When is the vet busiest?
Q:  What is the difference between a bus driver and a cold?
Q:  What do you call a sick crocodile?
Q:  If you fell of a ladder, what would you fall against?
Q:  Why shouldn't you make fun of fat people?
Q:  If an apple a day keeps the dentist away, what will an onion do?
Q:  Where do squirrels go when they go insane?
Q:  What do you have if your head is hot, your feet are cold, and you see spots in front of your eyes?
Q:  When do you have acute pain?
Q:  When was medicine first mentioned in the Bible?
Q:  What happened when the dog swallowed the watch?
Q:  How did the kid get a flat nose?
Q:  What is the healthiest kind of water?
Q:  What is the perfect cure for dandruff?
Q:  What did the dentist say to the golfer?
Q:  What do you get if you put your hand in a pot?
Q:  What happened when the icicle landed on the man's head?
Q:  Where do animals go when they lose their tails?
Q:  What did the doctor say to the patient when he finished the
Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
Q:  What is the best way to cure acid indigestion?
Q:  What did the farmer use to cure his sick hog?
Q:  What do you call a person who doesn't have all his fingers on one
Q:  What happened to the horse that swallowed a dollar bill?
Q:  How was the blind carpenter able to see?
Q:  How can you tell if a bucket is not well?
Q:  What do you call a sheep that is covered in chocolate?
Q:  How do you make an eggroll?
Q:  Why is it dangerous to do math in a cannibal's den?
Q:  What is a pie in the sky?
Q:  Why did the farmer plant sugar cubes?
Q:  Why did the woman eat bullets?
Q:  Do ministers ever use operator assistance?
Q:  Why did the orchestra have bad manners?
Q:  What do you call a crazy pickle?
Q:  What do ghosts eat for lunch?
Q:  What does the Swamp Thing like for desert?
Q:  What kind of eggs does an evil chicken lay?
Q:  What hired killer never goes to jail?
Q:  What is a boxer's favorite drink?
Q:  Which hand should you use to stir tea?
Q:  What is small, purple, and dangerous?
Q:  What gun does a police dog use?
Q:  Where do tough chickens come from?
Q:  How do you tell when a bell is obedient?
Q:  What kind of food do brave soldiers eat?
Q:  What is stolen candy?
Q:  What do well behaved young lambs say to their mothers?
Q:  What is the last thing you eat before you die?
Q:  What do you get if you cross an elephant with a Boy Scout?
Q:  What is the grossest kind of cookie?
Q:  What happens to evil pigs?
Q:  Why did the turkey cross the road?
Q:  What do mice wear to school on gym day?
Q:  Why did the elephant put ketchup in his navel?
Q:  Why didn't the Mad Scientist allow the sick eagle in his laboratory?
Q:  Why did the mad scientist put an elastic band around his forehead?
Q:  How do cowboys watch t.v. when they're out on the range?
Q:  What do you call a cat who eats a lemon?
Q:  Who is bigger:  Mr Bigger or his baby?
Q:  How many seconds are in a year?
Q:  How does Santa Claus take care of his yard?
Q:  What did the envelope say when the boy licked it?
Q:  First you see a red mill.  Then there's a walk at the end.   Then there's a key.  What is it?
Q:  What is a monster's favorite team?
Q:  What American has the largest family?
Q:  Did you hear about the fight in the Candy Store?
Q:  What state in the U.S. is the happiest?
Q:  What did the candles say to the birthday cake?
Q:  Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road?
Q:  Why do flies walk on the ceiling?
Q:  What is a foreign ant?
Q:  Why do hippies study the stars?
Q:  Why did the farmer put rusted out cars in his garden?
Q:  How can you eat an egg without breaking its shell?
Q:  Why does a baby duck walk softly?
Q:  What helps keep your teeth together?
Q:  What brings the monster's babies?
Q:  Did you hear the story about the Peacock?
Q:  What bugs are good at math?
Q:  Why did the mouse want to move?
Q:  How can you tell a cat that likes rain?
Q:  Why do bees hum?
Q:  Who settled in the West before anyone else?
Q:  What is a distant relative?
Q:  What is the biggest ant?
Q:  What is smaller than an ant's mouth?
Q:  How can you spell too much with just two letters?
Q:  What is the hottest part of a man's face?
Q:  What fish has the lowest voice?
Q:  When was beef at its highest?
Q:  What person is always yelling?
Q:  What kind of theif has to be really strong?
Q:  What kind of house weighs the least?
Q:  What is the hardest thing about learning to roller skate?
Q:  What coat has the most sleeves?
Q:  What fruit has been known since man invented the calendar?
Q:  What is purple and 5,000 miles long?
Q:  Why do we dress baby girls in pink and baby boys in blue?
Q:  Where can you always find health, wealth, and happiness?
Q:  Why is the dictionary dangerous?
Q:  A man who worked in a butcher shop was 6 feet tall, had red hair,
Q:  How does a coffee pot feel when it is hot?
Q:  What did the two vampires do from midnight to 12:10?
Q:  What do people in England call little black cats?
Q:  Why did the man put his money in the refrigerator?
Q:  How do you make a Venetian blind?
Q:  What is a stupid flower?
Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
Q:  What can you do with old bowling balls?
Q:  Dogs have fleas.  What do Sheep have?
Q:  Did Adam and Eve ever have a date?
Q:  What do you call a Volkswagon filled with cookies?
Q:  What is a bulldozer?
Q:  Where do trees keep their money?
Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
Q:  Where do fish keep their money?
Q:  Where do Eskimos keep their money?
Q:  Where do hogs keep their money?
Q:  Where do vampires keep their money?
Q:  Where do mummies swim?
Q:  What is the best way to eat spaghetti?
Q:  What happened when Abel died?
Q:  What did the little light bulb say to its mom?
Q:  Why do wallets make so much noise?
Q:  What happens to a refrigerator when you pull the plug?
Q:  How many skunks does it take to make a big stink?
Q:  What does an invisible baby drink?
Q:  What runs around all day and then lies under the bed with
Q:  What did King Kong say when he saw the Statue of Liberty?
Q:  What lottery did the broom win?
Q:  Why does a chicken lay an egg?
Q:  Why do you always start to walk with the right foot first?
Q:  When do you swallow your words?
Q:  What is the difference between a greedy person and an electric
Q:  Is it better to write on a full or an empty stomach?
Q:  What kind of bird is always around when there is anything to eat
Q:  Why are identical twins like a broken alarm clock?
Q:  Why don't scarecrows have any fun?
Q:  How do you make a cigarette lighter?
Q:  How do you make notes of stone?
Q:  What kind of umbrella did Louis XII carry in the rain?
Q:  Why does the stork stand on one leg only?
Q:  What is the difference between a banana and a bell?
Q:  What invention allows you to see through walls?
Q:  Why can it be said that whales talk a lot?
Q:  What can a whole apple do that half an apple can't?
Q:  When is a man not a man?
